Data Ethics
    In this day and age, the internet is still a fairly new uncharted technology. When considering the Ethics behind AI, we forget the essential question. Should there be government regulations on the internet? 
    
    In considering Data Ethics we first have to ask who can regulate technology. The first entitiy that comes to mind is the United Nations. They would have the power to regulate the internet in many countries, but not all. A national government could also regulate websites and technologies, but with the use of VPNs people could easily get around these laws. Additionally, a national government cannot regulate technologies made in other countries, and regulating technologies in their own country could give them a disadvantage when competing with other countries. 
    In the United States, we have a pletheroa of tech companies that mine data from all around the world. Companies such as Microsoft, Apple, and Google are all American companies. If the United States government starts putting regulations on these companies, then they may move to countries with less regulations which would be very bad for the US economy. A similar thing takes place in the Cruise Ship industry. While there are plenty of cruise ships that operate in the US, "only one major cruise ship—NCL America's Pride of America—is registered in the United States," (USA Today) while the United States has "over 585,000 individual tech companies," (Best Colleges). The loss of these companies would be detrimental to the economy with unemployment skyrocketing and would likely result in the loss of our fourth largest export, Integrated Circuits.

    Additonally, regulations on the internet, data mining, and AI could slow the progress of technology. AI has many uses that could be extremely beneficial in the future, we can use AI as a learning tool, to advance other technologies, or to make tedious tasks less time consuming. With this in mind, slowing technological progress is not something we want to do, however, we also need to make sure that AI does not become an unstopable force that companies can use to replace workers. With this in mind, finding a way to teach AI to be ethical in the same way we teach humans could be benefical. The government could potentially require AI to have a sort of code of ethics based on what experts in the fields of ethics and philosophy determine is best. Another option would be to have AI take a course of some sort designed to teach them what is ethical and what is not. Similar to the courses taken by philosphy and ethics majors in university.

    Even with a code of ethics, AI could still advance and become a modern tool for helping humans advance other technologies and make our lives easier. Another regulation that could be placed on AI and robotic muscles could be a tax made to combat the potential unemployment caused by these technologies. Companies using AI and mechanical muscles to replace human labor would be required to pay the government the equivalent of minimum wage for each machine they use. This money could then go to a Universal Basic Income program. Companies would still likely switch to using AI since they wouldn't have to pay for health insurance, deal with employees getting sick, taking days off, or not being able to work more than 40 hours a week, but humans would still recieve a paycheck regardless of their employment status. While some people may think this would result in humanity becoming lazy and unmotivated, in reality it would push people into creative fields where they can follow their passions instead of just trying to get by. There will always be jobs that humans need to do, and those jobs will just make a way for people to earn extra money. The Universal Basic Income mixed with AI and mechanical  muscles will allow humans to be humans without lossing income.


    https://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/cruises/2012/12/11/why-are-cruise-ships-registered-in-foreign-countries/1760759/

    https://www.bestcolleges.com/bootcamps/guides/largest-tech-companies-in-world/#:~:text=The%20United%20States%20has%20one,powerful%20organizations%20in%20the%20industry.

